*** obsolete; use Anki instead ***

This is a flash-card-style learning program, intended for use in
language learning but perhaps applicable to other domains involving
rote memorization of many pairs of phrases.

It is implemented in Java/Swing and should run on any computer with a
modern version of the JRE.

The main design intent is efficiency in the user interface - it
presents few distractions and is very keyboard-friendly. Unlike many
other such programs, it does *not* provide a UI for editing the flash
cards (though this could be added); rather, it reads cards from a set
of simply formatted text files (in any language encoding), designed to
be easy and pleasant to edit in your favorite text editor. (An Emacs
major mode is included.) The program can handle variant answers to
questions, additional information associated with an answer,
bidirectional quizzing, multiple input files, multiple logical
sections which can be merged, etc. It tracks how long you take to
respond to a question and whether or not you know the answer (fully or
partially), scores you, tracks your scores for every question, and
supplies the cards you most need to study. I have tuned it over the
course of some years while teaching myself Czech, so it is functional.

Similar programs (on sf.net):

JFlashCard - very simplistic, does no scoring etc., not really
adequate for evaluating your performance.

Pauker - rather nice, lots of features (though missing some that I
have found important). However for very large data sets it seems more
cumbersome. You must either enter cards within the program (which may
be hard for accented languages, and is not efficient for editing huge
amount of text); or edit the XML storage files, which are rather too
verbose to be ergonomic. The UI does too many things and is not
streamlined for the common repetitive actions; it appears friendlier
but probably more intrusive for intensive studying. Would consider
merging efforts in the future to get the best of both worlds, though
it could be a lot of work and it is not clear that the design
directions of Pauker and this project are the same.
